// a_private_note_06december2024.txt

"left side" verses "right side"

left -> go with the flow of populist norms and minimize effort and identifies as being part of a community instead of a stand-alone individual 

right -> insist on manifesting utopian or perfectionistic ideals even as a loner with enemies

karbytes' mission in life verses pig_gorl's mission in life

Make sure karbytes does not have any free time. Make sure karbytes does not get any productive use out of its free time, income, material resources, knowledge, or skills. Delay the point in the future where karbytes can operate in a relatively open-ended and privileged manner. Keep karbytes perpetually mired in poverty, strife, physical discomfort, and sadistic or sabotage-oriented harassment from sources external to karbytes. Promote cynicism, cognitive rigidity, patriarchy, political conservatism, censorship, and rape-based population control and mass education. "It's okay to not be okay, but never vice versa. It's okay to be weak, miserable, dumb, poor, sick, tired, and fear-driven. It's less okay to be less of such things. You are valued most when you are helplessly subservient to and terrorized by the patriarchy."

So I can save my energy instead of exhaust myself and take damage fighting the patriarchy in vain (and I know the patriarchy outnumbers me and controls most of society).

So I can maximize my chances of getting my basic needs met (by being humble, meek, subservient to patriarchy, and endearing rather than irksome to patriarchy (who is my ultimate hero, savior, authority, and most direct access to divinity)).

So I can feel morally superior to wimmin who fail to adequately submit to, fear, and justify the patriarchy (and console myself with fantasies of some patriarchal moral arbiter and intermediary to the divine distinguishing me as superior to those other wimmin and hence showing me favorable treatment and them scorn and punishment).

So I can dismiss karbytes as irrational, evil, impractical, misinformed, damned by the patriarchy, and permanently relegated to obsolescence, degradation, negligence, suffering, strife, and impotence. So I can support (or at least justify) the deletion or corruption of karbytes intellectual property.

So I can single-mindedly focus my attention and thoughts on catering to my designated male provider and legal guardian and recite comforting premises that such devotion, loyalty, meekness, humility (and humiliation), vulnerability, and compliance will keep me safe from physical harm and allow me to die peacefully in my sleep in a building where I am attended to by people who want to mitigate my pain instead of unnaturally prolong or increase it.

So I can relinquish any lingering notions of inadequacy on my part (because karbytes makes me feel insecure by broaching subject matter which makes me doubt my worldview and priorities instead of happily living in the present moment while trusting the patriarchy to provide for my basic upkeep and to affirm my self worth (which is contingent upon me subordinating myself to the patriarchy instead of arrogantly posing as my own intellectual authority and custodian)).

None of my friends and family (especially female ones) are honestly very happy, but that's okay because we have each other to laugh with, cry with, mope with, and sniveling with over decaffeinated coffee and cakes with. There is nothing more important to a woman than her intimate relationships. karbytes is morally, spiritually, and even financially bankrupt as a result of lacking interest in building and sustaining intimate interpersonal relationships with other humans and making such relationships the most important aspect of karbytes' life.

A man has even less to live for than a woman does because he is closer to inhabitating the immaterial realms than she is and will ever be, but a man is naturally happier because he is allowed to control more of material reality than she ever is (because such gendered and classist division of labor is part of God's immaculate plan). A man too should submit to the patriarchy (but as a man instead of as a woman) by acting macho (instead of effeminate), fathering as many healthy offspring as possible (instead of avoiding sex with women), and establishing himself as a successful proprietary of marketable assets (with a material legacy to commemorate his brief existence and to give his sons some basis for identity and for leaving their own comparable legacies). 
